441 update docs (#442)
python-semver/python-semver: docs/advanced/combine-pydantic-and-semver.rst

"enforces type hints at runtime, and provides user friendly errors when data
is invalid."

> If you are working with Pydantic>2.0 and pydantic-extra-types>=2.10.0 you can use the built in `_VersionPydanticAnnotation` type, which wraps the `python-semver` `Version` type.

Reviewer: I would simplify it a bit and introduce a link to the class itself like this:

```suggestion
If you are working with Pydantic>2.0 and pydantic-extra-types>=2.10.0 use the built in `_VersionPydanticAnnotation` type, which wraps the :class:`Version <semver.version.Version>` class.
```

    .. code-block:: python

        from pydantic import BaseModel

        from pydantic_extra_types.server import _VersionPydanticAnnotation

        class appVersion(BaseModel):
            version: _VersionPydanticAnnotation
        
        app_version = appVersion(version="1.2.3")

        print(app_version.version)
        # > 1.2.3

> To work with Pydantic>2.0 and without pydantic-extra-types you can use the following example to define your own type:

Reviewer: Simplified the sentence a bit:

```suggestion
To work with Pydantic>2.0 and without pydantic-extra-types use the following example to define your own type:
```
